this segment brought to you by the
all-new unison Patrol wear rugged meets
refined you can now expand your world
with the Jayco outback expander 1756 -
you can tailor your Jayco expander out
back down to the smallest detail and
venture off the beaten track in real
comfort it's perfect for young families
and an ideal upgrade from a camper
trailer and it's so easy to set up as a
three-step task with the stowable bed
ends that can be done by one person in
60 seconds at fourteen hundred and
thirty millimeters the large front
parents bed has an inner spring mattress
for comfort and support it has a large
150 litre fridge freezer and look at
this well-appointed kitchen well
serviced by these euro style double
glazed push windows and these built-in
roller blinds are both shade and privacy
of course the walls and roof of the
expander are made on the unique Jayco
tough frame that gives you extra
insulation and it is truly tough
it's also bill on the hot-dip galvanized
Jayco endurance chassis with patented
jtech suspension delivering greater
stability a smoother ride more precise
handling and increased ground clearance
and with the Alko electronic stability
control as an option for added safety
and comfort spacious boot LED light and
very handy dual access side doors once
your Outback expander is fully assembled
its enhanced by a rollout warning with
LED lighting for comfortable shade and
protection from the weather and with a
comprehensive 12 month factory warranty
australia's largest dealer and service
network comprising of more than 100
locations around the country and a
24-hour roadside assist for 3 years
within australia you'll have real peace
of mind start by checking out Jacob comm
today you find your local dealer and see
it all for yourself